[Workers] Routes revision (#8339)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/platform/triggers/routes.md

## Background

Routes allow users to map a URL pattern to a Worker. When a request comes in that matches the specified URL pattern, your Worker will execute on that route.

## Types of routes

There are three types of routes:

> 1. Pattern routes: Routes that are set within a proxied (orange-clouded) Cloudflare zone where your origin server, if you have one, is behind a Worker that the Worker can communicate with.

Reviewer: I might change these to bullets since they're not steps, per se

#### Subdomains must have a DNS Record

> All subdomains must have a [DNS record](https://support.cloudflare.com/hc/en-us/articles/360019093151#h_60566325041543261564371) to be proxied on Cloudflare and used to invoke a Worker. For example, if you want to put a Worker on `myname.example.com`, and you have added `example.com` to Cloudflare but have not added any DNS records for `myname.example.com`, any request to `myname.example.com` will result in the error `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All subdomains must have a [DNS record](/dns/manage-dns-records/how-to/create-dns-records/) to be proxied on Cloudflare and used to invoke a Worker. For example, if you want to put a Worker on `myname.example.com`, and you have added `example.com` to Cloudflare but have not added any DNS records for `myname.example.com`, any request to `myname.example.com` will result in the error `ERR_NAME_NOT_RESOLVED`.
```
